Katie B

Where is the Tylenol?

Pine cone and stick pick up day.....something they failed to mention in the job description. Yesterday we split into groups and tackled the entire camp, picking up every stick 
and pine cone we could find. Today we had a "work day" to clean up the "rest" of the campgrounds.

And tonight, my muscles hurt so horribly that I am frightened to go to the bathroom, for fear that I might not be able to stand up. Not kidding. Oh yeah, I also have bug 
bites all over my body. I can't tell you how many times I sprayed myself during the night with the anti-itch spray Mom bought. Which meant I didn't sleep very well. So, now I 
am trying to forget about the aches and itching with a little Murder, She Wrote and air-conditioning. 

I haven't quite managed the bug spray application and reapplication process. But, I have to get this down before the "overnight" camp out next week. Yep, I am going to 
be sleeping under the stars, unless of course it rains. I may need you to pray for me, and you can decide what those prayers will be. But, I was given an ENO hammock for 
the summer. So, I will not be sleeping on the ground....

I have learned a couple of things this week. First, camp is not for the faint of heart. This is some serious hard work, and the campers haven't even arrived. I am so 
impressed with these counselors. They are great kids, and hard workers. Plus, they keep me laughing. 

Last night a friend of mine (the one who talked me into this job) came out and we celebrated the Eucharist at a new chapel the counselors built in the woods - St. Francis in 
the Pines. We went out at sundown and worshipped in the candlelit chapel. It was a beautiful service. 

Saint Francis of Assisi is one of the most venerated religious figures in history. You have probably seen, or you may even own, a statute of Saint Francis. They look like 
this:Francis was born to a wealthy family of merchants. After a wild lifestyle as a young man, encounters with lepers and the poor led to a conversion experience. He 
devoted the rest of his live to Lady Poverty. St. Francis had a deep and profound respect for all of God's creation - even creatures. Obviously, St. Francis has become 
more of a household name since the new Pope took the name Francis. And because there has already been a lot written, I will not try to add to the historical significance 
of St. Francis.

However, as I left the chapel of St. Francis in the Pines, the lightening  bugs began putting on the most terrific light show I have ever seen. They were in sync with each 
other in a three part harmony. Generally, fireflies light up one at a time, and it is said to be a mate selections process. Very rarely are their lights synchronized - the 
technical term is phase synchronization. Scientists, according to Wikipedia, don't really know why this happens. I don't either. But, what I can tell you is that it was an 
amazing sight. It looked like a rave, or a very expensive light show.

There is no way that the beauty of this experience could have been captured by picture or video. It just had to be experienced. All day I have relished in the beauty of 
those lightening bugs. And tonight, on the eve of Pentecost, I can't help but think that the Holy Spirit is like that lightening bug show. You can't capture the Holy Spirit with a 
camera, or a video, or even with words. The Holy Spirit is something you just have to experience.

Maybe that is what St. Francis knew. Only in experiencing all of God's creation - nature, animals, the poor (in spirit or otherwise), and those whom society deems unworthy 
- can we even begin to understand the expansiveness of God's love and movement in our lives.

So, although I will probably be waddling for the next week, I have to give thanks to God for this experience, especially lightening bugs. I hope you, too, slow down enough 
this summer to experience God in all of creation....just remember your bug spray, trust me on this one.
